docs: Add note about compileSDK requirements (#946)
juliansteenbakker/mobile_scanner: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed messages not being sent on the main thread for Android, iOS and MacOS. (thanks @navaronbracke !)

## 3.5.0

> **NOTE: Since this release plugin requires your project to have compileSDK 34 (Android 14)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: From this version onwards, `mobile_scanner` requires Android projects to have a `compileSdk` of 34 (Android 14) or higher**
```

Author: As you wish
